# Change-log 1.2.0

This version introduces a couple of new neat features and improvements.

## Mature profiles filter system

We have added a new mature profiles filter system to Total RP 3. This feature is enabled by default if the profanity filter option is enabled or if parental control is enabled. You can always enable or disable this option in the Register settings.

When the mature filter is enabled, Total RP 3 will check the content of the profiles you receive to see if it contains specifics mature words. Profiles flagged as containing mature content have their tooltips muted, their at-first-glance bar is not shown and you will see an alert when trying to open the profile. 

You can choose to ignore the alert and consult the profile or add the profile to the whitelist if you don't want it to be ever filtered again. You can also manually mark a profile as mature. When doing so, you will be able to provide the words that was not filtered by Total RP 3 so it is added to the filter, so it gets smarter at flagging profiles.

The mature filter dictionnary is pre-populated with a couple of words for the English, Spanish and French locale. You can edit the dictionnary in the settings to remove or add words.

## Export and import profiles

You can now export profiles data to text that you can copy and paste somewhere else. You will then be able to paste back the data inside a profile. The data exported contains all your profile informations, your relations, and will contain your inventory and questlog in the future.

## Improvements

* We have refined the UI on various places.
* The map location system has been tweaked to prevent an issue when the map is opened.
* Minor Text Fixes™